[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The holistic world of healing
includes plants and herbs,
channeling energy as well as
both spiritual and physical
modalities.
Healers are
multidimensional beings
who dance between the realms
of the seen and unseen.
These individuals
have the ability
to facilitate a shift in
people, offering them insight
and support, reconnecting people
with themselves and the greater
collective.
Healing the world one
person at a time--
healing from the other side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You know, she's black
liquid and she's chocolates.
She's like mud,
like running mud.
But as she runs, lotuses
grow where she leaves.
And these lotuses are us.
We actually grow out
of the mud from it.
I have this very deep
passion for Ixcacao,
which is chocolates
and chocolate
as being a part of all
of our lives forever.
And she came into my
life with a whirlwind.
I used to eat up to
nine chocolates a day,
not realizing that I actually
needed heart medicine.
And Cacao came in,
and she's really just
assisted me so deeply
with opening my heart,
becoming vulnerable, losing
the barriers that hold us
from each other.
Being on this journey
since the age of nine,
actually, my first words when I
was born was, "Can I help you?"
Which is quite interesting.
So I think I was born with the
blessing of knowing my path.
And I think we all are
here for the same reason,
to help each other.
That's why there's
so many of us.
Many years later, I found myself
in the ceremony of Ixcacao.
I had no idea what Ixcacao was.
I didn't realize that
chocolate was part of Ixcacao.
And I went to the ceremony.
And I had the most
profound experience.
I literally felt everything.
I felt everything, and I
just felt all the tears
that had been building up.
I'd been in a really
tough space with myself.
I'd been crying a
lot, was finding
things difficult. I was
finding processing difficult.
I just wasn't connecting with
myself the way I wanted to.
And I was doing all the work,
and I was doing all the stuff.
But I was missing the
spirit of the heart.
>> Cacao rituals were
established in 1,500 BC
and used for centuries in
ancient Mesoamerican cultures.
The Mayan and Aztec
tribes believe
the cacao pod was
the key ingredient
in the creation of humanity.
It is said to be the ultimate
heart opener, both physically
and spiritually.
>> This ceremony explained to me
that the Ixcacao spirits could
actually open and heal my heart.
And I was blown away
because, in that ceremony,
I started purging.
I was on the loo, just
letting everything out.
And I didn't
understand at the time
that that was me
letting go of trauma.
And Ixcacao can actually assist
to remove those blockages.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ixcacao was a goddess
from the Mayan times.
She used to be known as
the goddess of abundance.
She used to bring fertility
to the farms and the crops.
And when all changed
in that area,
she became the goddess
who used to walk
the children of the crops--
the families' children of the
crops-- to their sacrifice.
And it was a very, very
traumatic and difficult job
for her to do because
she was all about love.
And eventually, one day,
she ran off into the forest,
and she married a man she didn't
want to marry in the commerce.
That's how cacao got
everywhere, through the ships
and traveling and
becoming an income.
She ran into the
forest, and she said
that the people will call
her when the planet is
ready for healing.
And this time is now.
So I recommend, find out where
you can get Ixcacao, get it
into your body, and
start your healing,
start your deep healing.
And trust your process.
It's beautiful.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And she's changed my life.
She's changed my life.
I am blown away.
I was told she would,
and I didn't expect it.
So I didn't expect
to that degree.
My heart is so much more
open and so much more willing
to be vulnerable.
And that, for me,
is deep healing.
Because if we can
just be authentic,
doesn't matter where we
at and what's going on.
If we can just be authentic,
that's what matters.
[GONG SOUNDING]
We're going to sit and we're
going to do a ceremony.
We're going to honor
her spirit, Ixcacao.
You're going to see
things today that are
going to make you
feel good, make
you feel all sorts of things.
And I wish you to come
on the journey with us
and to open your hearts,
to sit with us in ceremony.
Know that you are entering into
a very sacred space right now,
and come in in the namaste,
I-see-you, you-see-me space.
And come sit with us,
and let your soul drink
from the Ixcacao of
the spirit that's
going to come through in
this beautiful ceremony
that you're going
to be a part of.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Preparation is really important.
So I find that it's
quite interesting.
Before I actually
do the ceremony,
I become energetically
full of spirits.
(NON-ENGLISH SINGING)
I find that my energy
is moving, and I'm
connecting with the people that
are going to be in the space
during the ceremony.
So when I'm making the cacao,
I'm praying into the cacao
to honor it.
And I love to start
with sun heat,
especially now that
we're in summer.
So I put the butter
and the cacao paste
in a glass jar outside, just
in the heat, full-on sun.
(NON-ENGLISH SINGING)
And then, when I start the
process, once she's melted,
then I'll just get all my
spices that are connecting
with me at that time.
So she's talking to me,
and so are the spices.
I'm working with turmeric and
ginger and all sorts of spices,
like cayenne pepper, lucuma,
mesquite, maca, raw honey.
Because we have different
people come to the ceremony.
So the spices are going to
connect with each of them
individually.
And these spices then say, we've
got to put more of this in.
We've got to put
more of that in.
And it's a process.
And then I sing to her to
really honor her beauty
and what she's
going to do for us.
(HUMMING)
And just watch
her transformation
and just watch what she
does because she does
different things every time.
So for me to witness
it is beautiful.
And I also invoke the legions
of angels, warrior angels
and the archangels.
(SINGING) Bringing in the light.
Calling in Archangel Michael,
calling in Archangel Gabriel,
calling in Archangel Rafael, and
calling in Archangel Zadkiel.
We thank you, we thank
you, we thank you,
from the north, the south,
the east, and the west.
(SINGING) We love you.
We love you.
So you can see me working on
the solar plex and the sacral
and grounding and just
raising the frequency.
And it's cosmic.
(HUMMING)
And then I just put it
all in the glass pot.
And I sing to her again.
And then I stir her, and then
I taste her, and she tells me,
we are good to go.
And then I'm ready.
And then I'm excited.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
She is ready.
So now all I need to do
is take her to the stove.
And I put the gas
on a little bit.
Need to heat up a little bit so
those spices can get in there
and then set her.
And then we eat.
And then we celebrate.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
For this specific ceremony,
the awareness that came through
is divine feminine and also
coming into the high priestess,
facing the shadow,
the intuitive.
So today's ceremony,
they'll be pulling
oracle cards that have
specifically asked
to be a part of the ceremony.
We'll be serving
cacao, and we'll talk.
We'll share, and everyone
will get a chance
to express what they
feel about Ixcacao,
how they know Ixcacao,
what their familiarity is,
and, yeah, just to share
from their heart what they've
come here for.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'd like us each
to just share what
made us come through today
for the space, to be together.
>> My name is Zozo.
Got an invite from
Caryn yesterday,
and I couldn't say no.
It is indeed my first time
attending such ceremony.
And I'm looking forward to it.
And I really believe that
the very best is yet to come.
I'm so open to
this new existence,
and I'm looking forward to it.
And I could not be more
grateful for the invite.
Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
>> On the note of love, having
Ixcacao support the opening
of the heart space and
supporting the detoxification
of all that no longer serves.
It's just super
special to be here.
>> Like you say, it's definitely
new beginnings and new moving
forward, opening up
to the new in my life.
And so many things are revolving
and changing again in my life.
And I think this is the
right moment on the ceremony
to do it.
>> I just love Ixcacao.
And I'm so grateful that we
can do this together because it
is a healing of the heart.
And the medicine of Ixcacao
is to get the blood flowing.
So it helps with
high blood pressure,
it helps with diabetes,
it helps with cholesterol,
helps with anxiety,
stress, depression.
So it's got a lot of physical
properties of healing.
But then, when we
go a deeper level,
it goes into the
spirit of our chakras.
We tend to-- when we get
into a healing space,
we get hard on ourselves.
But Ixcacao teaches you
that the anger and the
hurt you have is hiding
what is really happening.
So as you sit here and
you're taking her in,
visualize her working
on your frequency
and helping you to shift the
blockages in your body that
is stopping you
from moving forward.
Let her work her magic, trust
her, and ask her to give you
the courage to heal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You see, you guys are
going to choose cards.
The guiding that is coming
through is one of the purple,
one of the red, two
of the pink flowers,
and two of the gold ones.
If you feel to take more
of any of the others,
you are more than welcome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) Home, I'm coming home
to the place that I belong.
Take me home.
Take me home over the green,
green hills and far away.
So I think she is ready.
She is saying she is ready.
So let's bring our beloved art.
Just going to give her
a bit of a welcome.
Hello, Ixcacao.
(SINGING) Gathering
the flowers, flowers
from the forest,
forest full of medicine
to help us with our healing,
healing of our bodies.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So a beautiful way is, you
can touch your forehead
so you can just take her
in, just acknowledge her
through your third eye, just
to connect to her spirit
through your spirit.
Your souls are
kissing each other.
You can then smell her.
And then you can connect
with however you feel.
And if you want to
get messy with her,
she loves getting messy.
And she is just beautiful.
Anyone want to
look at their cards
and share a little bit in
what's coming through for you?
>> How are you being
called to step up and lead?
>> So rising the frequency.
We're constantly
telling other people
what we wish they would do.
Because when I get angry
or upset, I become weak.
But it's not their fault.
They could have said it
to somebody else, and the person
would have had no reaction.
But because they said it to
me and because it's my story,
I'm reacting instead of saying,
thank you for bringing it up
in me so I can deal with it.
>> What I've just touched
base on, it's so accurate.
Because this morning, something
triggered me to a point of,
I literally had
to think about it
and just try calm myself down.
Like, literally.
I think, around 10:00 or 12:00,
I got a call from my friend.
And something
really triggered me,
so I had to come to my own
senses and deal with it.
>> And we also need to trust our
own emotions because sometimes,
we put our emotions on the
illusion of the story when,
in actual fact, there's a deeper
reason why we're going through
the emotions than
what's showing.
>> Soul family,
following the track,
do not have to do it alone.
I've got this.
And for the first
week and a half,
I've called for help
to guide me more
and to just not feel so alone.
Because I can get quite lonely
in myself, even though I'm
so busy.
And they help us in.
They've just come into my space.
And I'm actually following it.
>> So your soul
family is coming,
the people you are starting
to deeply connect with.
Because you opening up
yourself to the next level.
We are all one.
So this is us.
All of these cards
are representing us.
And it can even be past,
present, and future,
if we want to look
at it like that.
Because we're coming
from the sun, and you're
moving to the west.
So we can look at it like that.
The energy today
was quite intense.
So it's a lot of tiredness
coming through for me.
And I also want to
just say thank you
to each and every one of you for
having the courage to be here
with me.
And it's going to
start showing itself
because she works subtly.
She doesn't work obviously.
And then, when she
comes through subtly,
then you see how
obvious she works.
So thank you.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, guys.
>> Thank you for
being in this space.
>> Thank you, thank you.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Very nice.
>> So yeah, just blessing
the sacred space,
thanking our ancestors
that have come to join us,
thanking the masters, thanking
Ixcacao for her medicine,
for her beauty, for her
gentleness, and for her wisdom.
From my own presence to your
own presence, we are done.
By the power of three, a
perfect trinity, I thank you.
It is done, it is
done, it is done.
Amen.
We thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I think we just complemented
one another in such a awesome
way in space.
And every time I took a
piece of the chocolate,
I had a different
flavor in my mouth.
So from a heavy, muddy feeling
in my mouth, to a very--
next piece was very
tangy, succulent.
But it would like, lock my jaw.
And it was so empowering.
My tongue and everything
just flayed up and burnt.
So yeah, there is
definitely an opening.
And I just thank Caryn for
giving us this opportunity
to do the Ixcacao.
>> I feel very blessed
to have shared the space.
It was my first time
sitting with Cassie,
and she holds remarkable space.
She's so confident.
She's a warrior.
She's a goddess.
Yeah, I walk away today
feeling empowered,
feeling supported
by my ancestors,
by my beautiful
family, by my guides.
>> So for me, it was grounding.
It was super grounding today.
Normally, I find
myself with spirit.
I'm quite up in the air.
And I think with the process
that needed to unfold,
we had to be grounded, and
we had to come into the now.
She was beautiful.
She was gentle.
She was kind.
This is Ixcacao
I'm talking about.
And she just brought me
into a place of rest.
And I'm feeling lighter,
whereas, when I started,
I was feeling quite heavy.
So the two cards that
I got-- and that's
why I know that today
is the feminine.
Got Fatimah, and that is
about religion and about love.
And our lineage is love, and
our religion is gratitude.
So if we can come into a
place of gratitude every day,
we can reach love every day.
So I found that pretty profound
as she came forward for us.
And then, the other
card that I drew--
because I get to draw the card
for all of us-- was Inanna.
And Inanna is the queen
of heaven and earth.
And she says, get naked, get
raw, show yourself to yourself.
Go to the shadow, go to
the light, see it all.
Be the high priestess you are,
use your intuition, manifest.
And it was just beautiful.
It was a very intimate ceremony.
There were four of us.
We got to be on the north,
south, east, west, which
was wonderful.
And we were like angels.
We came in with no emotion.
We came in with
discernment, with clarity.
And we came in for a
process of healing.
So thank you again for
allowing me the opportunity
to share the magic
of Ixcacao with you
and the magic of spirit.
>> Many seeking spiritual
guidance turn to the ancient
teachings.
They look for answers
through the realms of time.
Often, it is helpful to
look beyond what it is,
to look for answers
from the other side.
[MUSIC PLAYING]